in express validation use express validator 


slip 1

 Write a Node.js program Implement JavaScript events to validate a registration form (name, email, 
password, phone no etc.)

slip 2

 Write Node.js program creates a User Login System. If username and password is same, 
then throw message is “login successfully completed” otherwise throw error message 
“login fail “using then and catch method. 

slip 3

 Write a Node.js program using built-in modules (fs, path, http)

slip 4 

 Write a Create a basic Node.js application that displays system information (OS, CPU, 
memory).

slip 5 

 Using Node JS Implement async/await to fetch and display user data from a mock API. 

slip 6

 Write a program for Movie Database Perform CRUD operations using Mongoose.  

slip 7

  Create an Express.js application with form handling and validation.

slip 8

 Write Create a basic UI/UX-friendly login page using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript 
with client-side validation. 


slip 9

 Write a program for Node.js creates student database, Implement search and filter 
queries using Mongoose.


slip 10

 Write a program develop an Express.js application with multiple routes (GET, POST)

slip 11

 Using Express.js Create a RESTful API using Express.js for CRUD operations on user 
data.  


slip 12

 Create a Node.js program that reads data from a file and writes processed output to another 
file

slip 13

 Write Create a custom module and demonstrate require () and export. 

slip 14

 Create an Express.js application with form handling and validation. 


slip 15 

Write a program for Node.js creates Teacher database, implement search and filter 
queries using Mongoose. 

slip 16

Write a program in Node.js to create a 'sign-up' form with the fields (name, email, 
password, phone). Insert the data into a MongoDB database. If the user signs up, allow 
them to sign in using the same credentials. If the credentials do not match or the user is 
not registered, return a message stating 'Unauthorized user’.

slip 17

 Create a basic UI/UX-friendly login page using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript with 
client-side validation.


slip 18

 Write Node.js program creates a User Login System. If username and password is same, 
then throw message is “login successfully” otherwise throw error message “login fail 
“using then and catch method. 


slip 19 

 Create Node.js program to get path of home directory for current file and to get the 
hostname of the operating system. (Using OS module)   


slip 20

 Using Node JS and Express JS create a User Login System


slip 21

 Write a JavaScript program using Promises to simulate data fetching from a server. 


slip 22

 Write a JavaScript program using objects to store and manipulate employee details.


slip 23

 Write a JavaScript program variables, operators, arrays, and functions for managing a 
student marks system.


slip 24

 Write a JavaScript program to create Character counter and word counter web page. 

slip 25 

 Write a JavaScript program that changes multiple background color automatically 
when page is load on window. 


